COULSON: Previously on "Marvel's
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."...
(FLATLINE)
MAY: You saved Skye's life.
- What is it?
- Why aren't you happy about it?
COULSON: Being down there...
seeing where I came from...
I just got really scared
that she would suffer
the way that I did.
MAY: Agent Ward and I
have been having sex.
- COULSON: And if it's a problem...
- I'll end it.
S01E15 - Yes Men
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(MUSIC)
JIMMY: I got to grab
something real quick.
I'll be right back, my love.
ROOSTER: Get a look at that.
H-hey, darlin', gal like you
could have any man you want.
Why did you marry that
little dude? He loaded?
He's not my husband.
I took him from his
bride earlier today.
I needed him to
provide safe passage.
You in trouble?
'Cause if you need a place
to lay low for awhile,
this is as good as any.
(ENGINE TURNS OVER)
Oh!
What kind of beast is that?
(GASPS)
It's a 1987 heritage softail.
You can hop on mine, you
want to feel a roar.
How grand.
- What is your name?
- My men, they call me Rooster.
You have men? You are their leader?
(CHUCKLES)
Last time I checked, yeah.
(WIND BLOWS)
(TWINKLING)
(DISTORTED) You and
your men now serve me.
This guy bothering you?
(NORMAL VOICE)
No. He's with me now.
What?
No! I'm with you!
You said we'd be together
forever, remember?
I said we'd be
together till the end.
It is the end.
Aagh!
(MEN MURMURING)
- Who are you?
- I'm Lorelei.
Now...
introduce me to all of my men.
(KNOCK ON WINDOW)
No! What did I say?
(SIGHS)
Damn it. Every time.
It's like you have a sensor
- for whenever my butt lifts off the bed.
- Back in it.
- I just want to stretch my legs.
- Now.
Look! There's color in my
cheeks. Breathing without...
(STRAINED) ...feeling like
my whole body's on fire.
I'm good. (CHUCKLES)
"Good" is not the appropriate
word to describe your state.
You've been shot twice, had
your stomach perforated,
and a breathing tube
shoved down your throat.
"Better" is the more accurate word.
Again with the blood drive? I'm
not gonna have anything left.
(CHUCKLES)
Not sure how I feel about
Dr. Simmons. She's so strict.
Ow. And pokey.
Well, patient Skye is
unruly and stubborn. (SIGHS)
And grateful.
- I hope you know that.
- I didn't do it alone.
Still, I'm the most...
"grateful-est-est" patient alive.
(CHUCKLES)
That's not even a word.
Hey. This a bad time?
(GRUNTS)
It is if you're here
to bust me out.
(AS SIMMONS) The Warden
has extended house arrest.
(SCOFFS)
Terrible accent.
(NORMAL VOICE) (GROANS)
I must look terrible!
(CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS) Simmons won't
even bring me a mirror.
- I've seen worse.
- Wow. Thanks.
No, I mean, you look better
than when you were dying.
Swinging and a-missing, Ward.
(SIGHS)
It's great to see you... better.
It was so stupid to
go in there alone.
Hey. There's no point
in doing that now.
You were brave.
Thanks to you, every
S.H.I.E.L.D. agent
in the country knows
Mike Peterson's alive.
- It's all about his magic leg?
- I didn't call it that, but yes.
Agent Garrett's running
point on Mike.
Thinks he's part of some
project called Deathlok.
He looked like death.
You should have...
He wouldn't even look at me.
They did something to him.
He needs help.
He's past help.
He was there with you, Skye...
could have protected you.
He let this happen to you.
And I'll never forgive that.
Well, I-I need to better
protect myself, so...
when Simmons gives the
all-clear, we'll start training?
- We'll ease you back into it.
- No. I want to train harder.
Next time, I don't want to depend
on some miracle drug to save me.
She's beginning to get suspicious
of all the blood I'm taking.
FITZ: No wonder. How many samples
have you tested each day?
Not enough.
Not enough to find anything
in her blood or Coulson's.
(SIGHS) There isn't ample
residue remaining in the vial
to examine after we emptied
it into her bloodstream.
Such a pity we only found the one.
Well, excuse me for
not sticking around
long enough to get blown to pieces.
(SIGHS)
It's just that the last sample of
this miracle drug is inside Skye.
- You can't find any trace of it?
- No.
She's healing at an
exponential rate,
but I can't detect anything
irregular on a cellular level.
And you've explained to Coulson
that you need to upload
the samples to H.Q.?
He shut me down, said
to keep it in-house.
(SCOFFS)
I mean, this drug could be
a phenomenal breakthrough,
could save countless lives.
Why is he being so twitchy?
Well, you were down in
the bunker with him.
Did you see anything peculiar?
Everything was peculiar.
Director Fury moved
heaven and Earth.
(FLATLINE)
No! Don't give it to her!
(MONITOR BEEPING)
(ENGINE REVS)
(TIRES SQUEAL)
You know, usually, when
a friend wants a favor,
they do something nice...
takes me to a nice restaurant,
buys me a bottle of wine.
Want to go to a movie, hold hands?
Okay. But I need to ask
you a question first.
I don't know where
Director Fury is.
Don't be so shocked. For a quiet
guy, you make a lot of noise.
How many favors
have you called in?
Clearly, not enough.
Something I can help you with?
Fine. But Fury is a high-level
agent who's off-grid.
You don't find him unless
he wants to find you.
You did something
like that once, too.
Remember? I never asked you.
- How was Tahiti?
- It sucked.
(ENGINE TURNS OVER)
New orders.
S.H.I.E.L.D.'s detecting
massive energy readings
in the skies above the
California/Nevada border.
- WADE: Where's Agent Coulson?
- Taking personal time.
That's a couple days straight.
SIMMONS: These are the same
readings Dr. Selvig and
Dr. Foster picked up in
New Mexico and in London.
They herald the arrival
of an Asgardian.
- Thor.
- Not sure. Either way,
S.H.I.E.L.D. wants us to
be the welcome wagon.
O-okay. Fine. No 'cause
for concern, right?
- Asgardians are allies.
- Loki wasn't.
(SIGHS)
(SIRENS WAILING)
Fitz?
FITZ: Yeah, we're
definitely getting close,
but it's a bit
of a crap shoot.
This is still science we
don't completely understand.
Seems to be a lot of that
going around lately.
So, Coulson hasn't talked to you
about why he changed his mind
on giving Skye that injection?
No. He's keeping it to himself.
Whoa. I'm getting a
massive energy surge,
- three times the level of the one before.
- How close?
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(THUNDER CRASHING)
- Yeah, definitely Asgardian.
- Running facial recognition.
(BEEPING)
Okay, got it.
I don't have a name, but I can
confirm she was in New Mexico,
fighting with Thor and his
mates. She's on our side.
MAY: Stand down.
She's a friendly.
- You are of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
- Yeah?
I am Lady Sif of Asgard. Your
world is in grave danger.
She's a warrior.
I saw her fight in New
Mexico with Thor...
climbed a giant metal
killing machine,
speared it with her
double-bladed sword.
It was pretty badass.
She says she needs S.H.I.E.L.D.
to help her find someone.
- You up for this?
- I'm fine.
"Fine" doesn't look like this.
Not on you.
You've been gone
more often than not.
Whatever's bothering you...
I'm here.
I know.
What dark magic is this?
Thor said you perished
at the hand of Loki.
And he was right...
for awhile, anyway.
But Loki wasn't the only one
with some tricks up his sleeve.
Turns out, S.H.I.E.L.D.
had a few of their own.
Thor will be pleased to hear it.
- He considers you a friend.
- I feel the same,
which is why I'd prefer he hear
it from me, if that's okay.
I understand you're
looking for someone.
I am hunting her. Lorelei.
600 years ago, she used her
powers to wreak havoc across the
nine realms, to command armies,
bring down kings, empires.
What kind of powers
we talking about?
- Strength? Speed?
- Sorcery.
She bends and shapes the will
of men to her own purpose.
MAY: Only men? Her powers
don't work on women?
No. Men have an inherent
weakness we do not share.
I can't imagine what
she's talking about.
The very sound of her
voice can ensnare most.
For the rare man who can
resist, it's her voice
joined by her touch that
will overpower his will.
COULSON: So, how do we stop her?
With this. It prevents
her from speaking.
She wore one like it for centuries
while locked in prison.
She escaped when the dark
elves invaded Asgard
and came here using one of Loki's
secret pathways between worlds.
Do we know where she is now?
All I know is the Bifrost delivered
me to her last known location.
Mostly small towns out that way.
Let's start looking for unusual activity
within a few-hundred-mile radius...
burglary, theft, assault.
If this woman's used to
ruling over empires...
she's gonna be hard to please.
LORELEI: I wanted gold!
You bring me... paper?!
It's... it's cash. It's like gold.
- This is the currency here.
- And who's this ugly woman?
Uh, that's... uh,
that's Ben Franklin.
Used to be President. Used
to rule this whole country.
Hmm.
And women can rule your
land, can they not?
Well, uh, y-you'd be the first.
Yes. I will.
What the hell, Duane?!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Move! Move!
I have been texting you
all day, worried sick!
I thought you were dead
in a gutter somewhere.
Don't, baby. There's nothing
to worry about. (SIGHS)
I-I just turned off my cellphone 'cause
the noise was bothering Lorelei.
Are those my clothes?
Why is this woman wearing
my clothes, Duane?
Who's this Duane she speaks of?
It's, uh... that's me. My...
my real name's Duane.
She calls me that. She's my wife.
- Yeah.
- Oh!
Do you prefer her to me?
Sh-she is nobody next to you.
Nobody?! Really?!
"Nobody" owns this bar.
You know what? Everybody out. Out!
We are closed! Out!
I'm tired of this noise,
Rooster. Make it stop.
His name is not Rooster! It's...
I'm sorry, baby. (GAGGING)
You're just making too much noise.
(THUD)
These are files of every
police report within 100 Miles
of where you arrived, everything
from the last 48 hours.
When you want to sift through
the information, you just...
- I'm familiar.
- ...touch the ... oh.
It's an antiquated system we
and other realms had ages ago.
(SIGHS)
You've... visited other realms,
seen different species, aliens.
Have you ever encountered
any that were... blue?
- Yes, of course.
- Which ones?
Uh, Interdites, Levians, Pheragots,
Kree, Sarks, Centaurians.
The Frost giants tried
to conquer your Earth
a millennia ago, but
Asgard drove them away.
Oh. Well, thanks for that.
And the others...
have any of them
been here recently?
(SIGHS)
Rest easy, Phillip, Son of Coul.
None of the others have
ever visited Earth.
(BEEPING)
There... a robbery of jewels.
And there... a gun-store
robbery by guys on Harleys.
It's happening faster
than I feared.
She's amassing men, gold, weaponry.
Lorelei is building an army.
Traced the men to a biker bar
called Rosie's desert oasis.
Probably where
Lorelei's hiding out.
Meeting a S.H.I.E.L.D.
convoy there in 10.
FITZ: Good. Then you can
show off these beauties.
(WHISTLES)
- These all night-night guns?
- Based on the same technology,
but we're not calling
them that anymore.
- About time.
- They're called ICERs...
- incapacitating cartridge emitting...
- (GUN COCKS) They're great.
And you lost the ounce.
And I tripled the stopping power.
But I did realize after our run-ins
with Mike and Centipede...
- Whoa.
- Sorry.
Um, that we needed something
stronger, better.
Thought you didn't like guns.
No, I always say if I need
a gun, I'll take one.
- Ah.
- We'll need these.
When you're up against people
who are being controlled,
sometimes it's hard to
distinguish friend from foe.
- This way, we can take out either.
- Where's Lady Sif? (CLANK)
Shall we?
Lorelei's tastes run
toward palaces, castles.
This is far more humble
than her usual abode.
The draw wasn't the place.
It was the manpower.
How many men does she have in
there? Have you seen the suspect?
Yes, we have.
And she's beautiful.
(GUNSHOTS)
(SIGHS)
What is that?
Well, it seems we've caught
the attention of the law.
- You swore to fight for me.
- Yeah, and I will.
But they got a lot of
firepower out there.
I mean, hell, they even got
some medieval-times chick.
She's got, like, a
sword and everything!
Sif.
(BULLET RICOCHETS)
(GUNFIRE)
They're on us from both sides.
Be hard to get off a clean shot.
Your ladyship, can you
give us a little cover?
(GRUNTS)
Very literal interpretation.
Thank you.
- All clear.
- Men, stay outside.
Let Sif take Lorelei.
Ward, head around back.
Surround the building.
(DOOR OPENS)
Lorelei...
still manipulating men to
do your dirty work, I see.
And I see you're still
a step or two behind.
You know how this ends, Lorelei.
So come willingly.
You mistake me for
someone who fears you.
I've bested you before.
Or have you forgotten?
Tear her apart.
(BULLET RICOCHETS)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
Look. (SIGHS)
I'm sure you're, uh, a reasonable guy...
(GRUNTS)
Rooster. Rooster? Really?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- You're a fine warrior.
- I am.
So put your hands behind your
back and get on your knees.
(WIND BLOWS, TWINKLING)
(DISTORTED) Men kneel before me.
I do not bow to them.
Gonna need some backup over here.
That is not what you need.
(ENGINE REVS)
Take me somewhere grand,
deserving of a ruler,
- a Queen.
- I know just the place.
(GRUNTS)
Lorelei's treachery remains
unchanged, no matter the world.
We'll find them. Every agent
in the area is out looking.
To what end, hmm? The collar...
has been broken.
Short of death, we have no
means to end her enchantment.
Let me worry about that. Stay here.
And try not to punch a
hole in my airplane.
So, Ward's what?
Like, a pod person?
No, according to Lady Sif,
the men Lorelei controls
don't forget who they
are or what they know.
She just becomes the embodiment
of all their desires.
So once we find them, we can
break her mojo or whatever
and get Ward back, right?
Yes, once the collar's
back on Lorelei's neck,
the enchantment ends,
but that's the problem.
The collar caught a shotgun
blast back in the desert.
- You think you can fix it?
- Well...
the metal, the weight... it's
similar to the Berserker staff.
But it presents it's own set of
countless unknown variables.
- Got a couple hours.
- Yeah. (GRUNTS)
What can I do? And don't
you dare say nothing
or tell me to sit down here
and count ceiling tiles
- while Ward is missing.
- Ward's got drop boxes
and storage lockers
all over the world.
They're filled with
currency, weapons, I.D.s.
He's gonna use aliases, cash...
anything to keep Lorelei off the radar.
You're the best radar we have.
Find them.
Sir, may I have a moment?
It's about the GH-325.
- Have you found something?
- No.
I've hit a wall because
of my limited resources.
The drug's chemical
properties are foreign to me,
- which is startling in it's own right.
- We've been over this.
So I'm requesting once again
to send a sample of Skye's blood
to H.Q. for further study.
- That's not an option.
- Why?
I don't need to explain to you
the benefits of this drug.
- You've experienced them firsthand.
- No. That's an order.
That's not a good-enough reason!
I have a duty to you, Sir,
as my commanding officer.
But I also have a duty as
a S.H.I.E.L.D. scientist
to pursue this, to save lives!
Given Ward's recent
situation, we should...
Two men laid down their
lives in a compound
rigged with explosives to
keep this drug hidden.
We still don't know why.
Until we do,
until we speak with Fury
and get some answers,
that drug and it's
mysteries stay in-house.
Focus on the mission.
Lorelei has Ward, and we have
no idea where she's taking him.
(ENGINE REVS)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
LORELEI: I am fortunate
to have found you.
- You are quite resourceful.
- Just well trained. (CHUCKLES)
No. You are worlds apart from
those men in the desert.
I'm not an idiot.
I know you value me no more
than those bikers back there.
- The truth is... I don't care.
- Because of what you feel?
I've felt something before
for someone on my team.
It seems foolish now.
I would die for you. Any man would.
But I don't want them.
I want you. You're stronger...
a real man with the rage
of a berserker inside.
You will present
me with an army.
And I will give you
a gift in return.
(GASPING)
(BOTH PANTING, MOANING)
When I first arrived here,
I thought Earth left
(CHUCKLING) much to be desired.
But from here, it's
quite beautiful.
I've spent the last 600 years
locked away in a dark, cold cell...
my throat shackled...
my voice silenced.
- Torture.
- You never have to go back there.
But Sif is on the hunt.
She will not rest.
She will not stop.
And I will not know peace.
So we take her out of the equation.
Eliminate the threat.
The graves of Asgard's
enemies are littered
with men who underestimated Sif.
Do not make the same mistake.
You do not know her.
No. I don't.
But the people she's working
with now... I know them.
May I?
(CHUCKLES)
- You have experience with swords.
- Yes.
- But I prefer to use my hands.
- Admirable.
But be warned... Lorelei is
quite skilled at combat.
Then why co-opt men? Why
have them fight for her?
Well... (SIGHS)
I believe it gives her a thrill...
Especially if the man
is already taken.
And, besides, even the
best warrior needs an army
to conquer an empire.
So her pattern remains.
She attaches herself
to the strongest
warrior she can find
and then unleashes a swath
of blood and destruction.
The man she's with... Ward...
he's as lethal as any.
- One of our best.
- I see.
(SIGHS)
I've been where you
are, Melinda May...
a man I cared for,
under her spell,
so enchanted, forsook his
family, his friends, me.
Steel yourself to do
what might be necessary.
- Your Agent Ward...
- He's nof mine.
Well, that is certainly true now.
But Agent Ward is no
longer the man you knew.
- He will not hesitate to kill you.
- Ward won't kill me.
Do not let your feelings
cloud your judgment.
I'm not.
He might try to kill
me, but he won't.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
Security cameras just
caught sight of them.
If Lorelei wants an army
of wealthy, pliable men,
I think she just hit the jackpot.
- WOMAN: Clear.
- WOMAN #2: Clear.
Back room's secure. Clear.
- Bathroom clear.
- Kitchen clear.
All clear.
Room secured.
- Clear.
- She's gone.
- Turn this suite upside down.
- Yes, Sir.
I know you said you and
Ward wouldn't be a problem.
But I also know you
wouldn't tell me if it was.
Fitz, there are cameras
everywhere in this town.
Track them all.
FITZ: No sign of them On any
surveillance around the city.
It was a long shot.
Ward knows how we work,
knows to avoid cameras.
Well, I expanded my search, got
satellite support running.
We'll find them. I do
have a bit of good news.
- I fixed Lorelei's neck collar.
- Let me inspect it to be sure.
Asgardian metal is much different
from the ore of this planet.
Sure, but I think you'll
find it's up to snuff.
It's in your room.
You and Ward have the same training.
You're cut from the same cloth.
If it was you, where
would you run to?
Asgardian metal is so dense.
Just had to find the
right tools, really.
But you'll see... not a scratch
on it, because, yes...
I am that good.
(SCOFFS) Well done.
You really are quite clever.
(GRUNTING)
(POUNDING)
If I was Ward, I wouldn't run.
(POUNDING CONTINUES)
I'd take out my main threat.
(ENGINES WHIRRING)
(POUNDING CONTINUES)
We're taking off. Why
are we taking off?
- What is that pounding?
- I'll go and investigate.
- You...
- Stay put. I know.
(DOOR RATTLES)
Someone locked us in.
- Fitz?
- Sir.
Ward and Lorelei are on the bus.
Where's the collar and Sif?
In there. That's why
I'm standing guard.
Would not want Sif to get
out and hurt Lorelei.
Ah. Of course we wouldn't.
And Lorelei wants me to
go down to the basement,
- keep an eye on the girls downstairs.
- Already locked them in.
Cannot have them mucking
up Lorelei's plan.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
She's the best, isn't she, Sir?
Yep. She's something else.
(CHUCKLES)
Aren't you the brave one?
You took my plane. I want it back.
(CLICKS TONGUE) Well...
we can't always get what we want.
Actually... I can.
(GRUNTS)
Unh. Ohh.
(CLICKING)
(AIR RUSHES)
(GASPS, GRUNTS)
LORELEI: I will retrieve Sif's sword.
It will look better in my hand.
- Ward, you don't want to do this.
- WARD: This was the plan.
Cross off Sif, take the plane,
eliminate anyone in our way.
Get out of her way.
It's her plan, not yours. Fight it.
I know you. You're a fighter.
Is this her? The beautiful
warrior with a heart of ice?
His heart now beats in concert
with mine and mine alone.
No reason to make this about us.
Oh. He told me who he
desired before me.
But, my dear... it wasn't you.
(METAL CLANGS)
Where's Simmons?
- Oh!
- What the hell are you doing?!
- Sir, are you... you?
- Of course I am!
Fitz has Sif trapped in the cage.
We need to unlock the
door, get her out. What?
Coulson, they opened the
airlock. She's gone.
SIMMONS: I'm afraid she was
sucked out of the aircraft.
COULSON: Are you kidding?
She's Asgardian.
Sif's still out there.
Unlock it. Let her in.
You, come with me.
I need your help.
(GRUNTING)
Anything else I can
do to be of service?
Okay, good. Good.
I'll be right here.
(SCOFFS) Leave me in peace.
Return to Asgard.
While you remain here? I think not.
(BEEPING)
What is she doing? No.
Here I will no longer
pose a threat to Asgard.
(SIGHS)
Can you not let me be?
Find some small mercy
within your heart?
My heart has no place in this.
I have orders to bring you back.
(SCOFFS)
All these years, and
you're still the same Sif,
doing as you're told,
heeling at the feet of
those who command you...
never to get what you desire...
not Haldorr, not...
Thor... (SCOFFS)
A man who considers you
more pet than woman.
Hand me my sword, Lorelei.
See, that's the difference
between you and I.
I don't take orders.
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Stay strong for me, baby girl.
You stay strong.
(GASPS)
Simmons. Hey, you're not
supposed to be up here!
Ward, I think we
have a big problem!
(BOTH GRUNT)
You better get back here, Simmons.
You cannot be running about, okay?
Lorelei does not want any...
- COULSON: Fitz.
- Sir? (SIGHS)
Poor thing! He's always getting
knocked out, isn't he?
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(EXHALES HEAVILY)
(BOTH PANTING)
Kill me. I'd rather die
than go back to that place.
- You will not get off that easy.
- Why?
It's what you want. I can
see it in your eyes.
Or would you rather hear
about how the man you loved
followed me around like a dog...
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
Hear of his touch, his kiss,
the look in his eyes when I...
(CLICK, WHIR)
(PANTING)
(GULPS)
You were saying?
(BOTH PANTING)
Sorry about this.
(GUN CLICKS)
Whoa. Wait a minute. I'm sorry.
It's me. Okay? I'm back.
LADY SIF: He speaks the truth.
Good to know.
My apologies. The damage
caused to your flying boat
- was unfortunate.
- It's seen worse.
I assure you, Lorelei
will be punished severely
for the crimes against your people.
It must have been hard for you...
After everything she did, to
move past it, to let it go.
(SCOFFS)
Odin ordered her back alive.
As one of his warriors,
I bow to his will.
Regardless of what it cost you?
Much like your S.H.I.E.L.D.,
we are bound by our code.
I am honored to have
fought by your side.
I'll run diagnostics, see how
much damage we're dealing with.
How much are you dealing with?
- He didn't break anything, so...
- Not what I meant.
You should talk to
him, hash it out.
And you should take
your own advice.
You've been sitting on something
since the Guest House.
(SIGHS)
If not with me, then with Skye.
She deserves to know
what you saw down there.
I figure... I let you punch
me again, repeatedly,
- Just why don't you just...
- It's fine.
It's not. I never intended...
- I didn't want to hurt...
- You didn't.
That was never a risk with me.
I told you that.
- You did.
- Seems like we're done here.
Okay.
But if what Lorelei
said was true...
you were more honest with her
than you are with yourself.
SIMMONS: I'm not saying you were
weak. I'm saying all men are weak.
Sir. I understand why
you had to punch me.
I forgive you.
Can I get a moment alone
with Skye, please?
Yeah.
(SNIFFS)
I know that face, and
something gives me a feeling
I should be sitting down for this.
(SIGHS)
I've been looking for a
way to tell you this,
looking around for some answers,
something to help... explain...
(SIGHS)
But I don't have any. So...
the drug, the one
that saved us both...
when we found it, I
discovered something else.
It's source.
It was... alien.
A-alien, as in... unfamiliar?
No.
Wow.
The minute I learned what it was,
I tried to keep them from
injecting you with it,
but I was too late.
I'm so sorry, Skye.
You were trying to save my life.
You did save my life.
I was desperate to, and
so I subjected you
to unknown ramifications
or side effects.
I'm sorry to say this,
Sir, but... so what?
We are alive. And you've had
that stuff in you for...
uh, some time now, and
you're okay, right?
Plus, you're not sprouting
a pointy tail or anything,
so bonus there.
I know nothing fazes you,
but this should faze you.
- We are completely in the dark on this.
- That's where we live.
I'm an 0-8-4. Who knows
what the hell that means?
At least we're in
the dark together.
Yes. But not for long.
To hell with any protocols or
any code I used to be bound by.
We have a long list of
questions we need answers for,
and we're going after
them ourselves.
- Well, if the team's up for it...
- No. No, listen to me.
I trust them, but we need
to protect them from this.
Fury went to dangerous lengths
to keep this under wraps...
lied to me, lied to S.H.I.E.L.D.
This is a powerful secret,
a secret men died for.
Until we know why, we can't
share this with anyone,
for their safety and ours.
Got it. So, what'll it be, A.C.?
- What do we go after first?
- The person responsible for this.
And we make him pay.
COULSON: We'll
return in a moment.
No, listen.
I trust them, but we need
to protect them from this.
Fury went to dangerous lengths
to keep this under wraps...
Lied to me, lied
to S.H.I.E.L.D.
This is a powerful secret,
a secret men died for.
Until we know why,
we can't share this with anyone,
for their safety and ours.
(CLICKING)
(BEEPING)
WOMAN: Encrypted line secure.
Agent Melinda May. Update log 93.
He knows. I repeat...
Coulson knows.
http://subscene.com/u/659433
Improved by: @Ivandrofly